this is an iPhone and this is the
largest iPhone in the world and just to
give you an idea check out how bright
this flash is so let's get the thing
powered up with the largest USBC Cable
in the world this is a completely custom
cable designed to deliver a lot of power
with two very strong magnets that allow
it to do
this unlock for the most satisfying
button behind every button is a tiny air
hole which reduces the speed at which
air can pass through making every press
have so much weight every single person
is looking at me right now yeah come
over have a look pretty cool right 3 2 1
biggest selfie in the world so this is
what a normal iPhone flash does to my
face it's better than no light but our
iPhone does
this oh my God feel like I just walked
into the sun